
For this assignment I did a library catalogue of songs. Each song has song name, artist name, 
album name, year of the song/ album, genre of the song and rating (how good you think the song 
is).  

1) What I checked in User Input:

For these attributes of the song, genre of the song and rating of the song is inputted by a 
scroll down selection item, so I do not need to check for user input for these (since it 
does not allow text entering). If the user does not select an item it will be automatically
set to a genre of Soul and a rating of 1. 

For Song Name, Artist name and Album Name I stripped any possible tags first so that if the
user enters some harmful code, it will be caught. Next I only allowed the users to enter
numbers and capitalized/un-capitalized letters, the ' character (ie Nobody's Home) and 
spaces. Each entry must have at least have one capitalized term, such as "21 Guns" is okay 
because Guns is a capitalized term and 21 is a number and the space in between is allowed. 
"2123" would not be okay because it is only numbers with no capital letters. " " is not 
allowed because there are no capital letters."#@#@" is not allowed because it is not a 
capital/non-capital letter, number or space.

I think this accounts for most, if not all, types of Album names, Song names and Artist
names.

For Year I checked that it started with either a '1' or a '2' and had 4 numbers, because
I don't think anyone would know any songs that were made before the year 1000. 

I checked these for when the user wants to add songs and/or search for songs. Although
you can not enter anything for a field when you search for songs. 

For adding songs, I also checked that the song entered was not a duplicate of something
already in the database. I checked that the combination of song name, song artist 
(controlling for a different song of the same name but by different artist), song album
(controlling for a remake of the song), song year (controlling for a remake of the song)
and song genre were different. (I did not check for rating, because I assume that
if the names, genres, artists, year and albums were the same, it is the same song (also
sometimes people can forget what rating they gave a song). 

2) Input to put in my form

If you enter:
"Avril" in artist name
"Let Go" in album name
"Rock" in year of song
and "Rock" in genre, 

it should return two entries, one Sk8ter Boi by Avril and one Complicated by Avril. 

This excludes the categories Song Name, Song Year and Rating

---------------------------
Design Choices:

For this assignment my theme was a retro 1960s kind of theme. I chose my color palette to be
pink and white to give it a kind of elegant, warm feeling. This combined with my pictures
and background gives it a kind of retro feel. I chose this theme because I feel that when
I listen to songs, I get a nice, happy, fuzzy feeling. The retro air adds more flair to the
overall website. 

I also touched up some of the fine details of the site to conform to my theme. Such as the
background color of my forms, the alternating color scheme of my song library and the
color of my links (it also changes when you hover over it). 

A typical person who would go to this site would be Angelina, age 18, who has listened 
to a lot of songs in the past and wants to stop forgetting her old favorites. She would
go to the site to add songs to the music database and search for songs later on. She 
would talk about this site to her friends and family. 

